[en]update virnest install-dependency (#4882)
DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs: docs/en/docs/virtnest/install/install-dependency.md

2. The CPU must support the x86-64-v2 instruction set or higher. You can use the following script to check if the current node's CPU supports this:

    !!! note  

>         Errors unrelated to the output information can be ignored as they do not affect the final result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If you encounter a message like the one shown below, you can safely ignore it as it does not impact the final result.

    ```bash
    $ sh detect-cpu.sh
    detect-cpu.sh: line 3: fpu: command not found
    ```
```
中文也可以对应修改，顺便 fix #4373
